Hello


A friend of mine send me an email containing some information about a work situation in the IT-security/infrastructure, his name is Jeroen De Wachter, he got this information from Jelche Lievens.

My name is Sander Demeester, i am a 23 year old person with autism who just ended his studies at the University of Ghent. I was hoping you could give me some information how i can the job most fitting for me. Ive added my resume as an attachment to this email. It should provide some more detailed information about what knowledge i posses. Here is a brief overview of myself and some general information and what types of things are of intreset to me.

So, as i stated beforce, i have autism. It has it downsides, mainly that i have a strong focus on perfection and when i start on something i really can get into what aim doing. I ofcouse can provide more information about this it this should be required.

As stated in my resume, i really enjoy working in network related environment. Setting up servers, configuring routers and firewalls. Mostly aim very fond of working in a security infrastructure related setting. Through my 3 years at the University of Ghent and in my spare time security and cryptography have been a big topic of intreset. Both from a programming perspective as from a system architect perspective. In my spare time i try to gain more knowledge about these things by implementing them in different programming languages.

As a system administrator and general person most of my experiences lay in the linux/BSD world. 
As a programmer I have the most experiences in java c/c++ (and a bit of x86 and ARMv7 assembly) and python, i refer to my resume for more information.

More general intrest are in number theory and maths. I have a blog where i talk about cryptography algorithms and number theory.

As for my current working situation, for the moment i have a summer intern at the University of Ghent, working with the High Performance and computing group. This internship will end mid august.


Thank you for reading my email and letting me send my resume.


Kind regards,
Sander Demeester